chore: generated CHANGELOG for origin/release/v53.4.0 (#3654)
forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode: packages/salesforcedx-vscode/CHANGELOG.md

# 53.4.0 - November 17, 2021

## Added

#### salesforcedx-vscode-apex

> - Additional anonymous apex features ([PR #3650](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/3650))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enabled Hover, Go to Definition, and References functionality in anonymous apex files. ([PR #3650](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/3650))
```
